(slow music)
(glass shatters)
(slow ambient music)
(slow ominous music)
(rain patters)
(thunder rumbles)
(Anthony groans)
(door creaks)
(slow ominous music continues)
(toy rattles)
(ghostly voice whispers)
(dramatic choral music)
(slow music)
(ghostly voice whispers)
(slow music continues)
(door creaks)
(slow piano music)
- You go ahead, I'll
go and get Seth.
(slow piano music continues)
Seth seems to have
settled in already.
It's only a temporary situation.
If it's difficult for you
to live here, we could-
- Put it on the market, I know.
- Exactly.
(Richard laughs)
(slow orchestral music)
(Alyson moans)
Hey.
It's nothing, relax.
(Alyson trembles)
Breathe,
relax and breathe.
Relax and breathe.
That's right,
relax and breathe.
- You need to breathe,
to take a deep breath.
It'll help you.
- I'm scared.
- There's no need to be,
it's only a bad dream.
We all have dreams, I
dream, Mommy dreams.
- And do you have
bad dreams, too?
- Sometimes, but then I wake
up and it all disappears,
and you've always got
Mr. Bear with you.
Come on, try to get some sleep.
- [Alyson] No.
- You want me to leave it on?
Okay, we'll leave it.
Good night.
(slow ominous music)
(Alyson trembles)
(Alyson moans)
(coffee maker whines)
- [Reporter] Kena
Saunders, the girl
who disappeared three
years ago, has been found
at the bottom of a lake,
thanks to the intervention
of the psychic, David Owen.
According to reports, on the
morning of September 10th,
Mr. Owen led a group of scuba
divers to the lake shore,
telling them, "She's here."
A robot with a camera
was then submerged,
and at the bottom of the-
- May I?
- Thanks.
- At the depth
of over 100 meters,
her car was found.
The license plate
matched, leaving no doubt.
The question that
must now be asked is,
how did Mr. Owen find her?
Here's what the-
- There you go, you'll be late.
- Not if I take this with me.
I'll be home late tonight,
we have a work dinner, so-
- Have a nice day.
- Okay. (laughs)
- [Reporter] Who was
pleasantly impressed
by the man's abilities,
so seer or charlatan?
(slow piano music)
(vacuum roars)
(slow piano music continues)
(Alyson sighs)
(water trickles)
(slow ominous music)
(slow ominous music continues)
(Seth cries)
- Hey, sweetie, Mommy's here.
Don't cry, shh, shh, shh.
(slow ominous music continues)
- You can't play in here,
especially with Mommy's stuff,
and I'll need that ball of yarn.
(slow ominous music)
- Bye, darling.
Well, it's not that different.
- [Alyson] Oh, really?
- Sure, for me, it's just
a change of location.
- Uh, what about
your old clients?
- They're still my clients.
I'll continue to
manage their policies.
- Good.
So what was that big
news you mentioned?
What does this mean?
- It's a first class ticket.
- I can see that.
- Obviously it's
something positive.
- Okay, but what does it mean?
- I'll be going away for a few
days for a training course.
So do you realize
what this means?
It means that the company
is investing in me,
preparing me for something
really important. (laughs)
So what do you think?
- I'm happy for you.
- Oh, come on,
Alyson, what's wrong?
- Nothing.
- You're such a bad liar.
A toast?
- My father just
committed suicide.
We moved to this house with
all our things still to be in-
- Alyson, I understand you.
- You don't understand anything.
- Life has a cost,
our child has a cost,
and this is something big.
- Well, moving to this house
is something big for me,
a huge sacrifice.
The least you could do was
at least stay by my side.
- That's exactly
what I'm going to do,
and I'll do it as
soon as I come back.
Try to think about us.
- That's exactly what I'm doing.
(Richard scoffs)
Will she be coming with you?
Your colleague, will
she be coming with you?
- What's that supposed to mean?
- The same plane, a seat
next to you, the same hotel?
Will you be sharing
a room, as well?
- I knew you would have
brought this up again.
- Perhaps that's
because you hurt me.
Perhaps that's because you
didn't realize how I felt.
- Come on, five years.
It was five years ago.
We said we wouldn't have
spoken about it again
because we had got over it.
We would have carried
on with our lives,
but you are still there,
stuck in the past.
- Well, you could have refused.
- Refused what,
our biggest chance
to finally sort things
out once and for all?
- This wasn't the moment to
go, Richard, and you know it.
- And you think
if I had said no,
my boss would have offered
me the chance again
in the future, do you
really think that?
- Well, you could have
at least spoken with him,
explained to him the
situation, ask him to postpone.
But I bet you didn't
even try, did you?
That's what I thought.
(slow ominous music)
(Seth coos)
(water trickles)
(toy rattles)
(slow ominous music continues)
(lock rattles)
(slow music)
(slow orchestral music)
- Mommy's not well, she's ill.
She's very ill, but
she'll get better soon.
- When?
- It's gonna take a
long time, princess,
but I promise you,
she will get better.
- To regain victory,
regain victory over evil
that may surpass all-
- That's daddy's friend,
he's come to visit us,
and he's going to help Mommy.
And two more friends
are coming, too,
all the way from America,
and they love children.
Let me tell you a secret.
They have a huge house
with lots of toys,
and I've been there and
had a great time playing
with all of them, so
you want to see it?
Are you sure?
It's fantastic, and you can
take Mr. Bear with you, too.
So do you want to go with
them, you and Mr. Bear,
just until Mommy
gets better again?
You'll have fun, you'll see.
(doorbell rings)
That must be them now.
(slow ominous music)
- Alyson, if I don't
get on that plane,
they will send someone
else in my place,
and that will be bad news
for the both of us. (sighs)
Look at me.
Everything will be fine.
You and Seth will be
fine and I'll be back
before you even know I'm gone.
(slow ominous music continues)
(dog barks)
(insects whirring)
(slow ominous music)
(circuit breaker clicks)
(baby monitor crackles)
(Seth cries)
- [Mary] Stop crying,
I beg you, stop!
(Alyson trembles)
(Seth cries)
Your breath, your
breath is so warm.
Now be quiet.
(Alyson trembles)
Silence!
(Seth cries)
(Alyson trembles)
(slow ominous music)
(phone vibrates)
- [Richard] Alyson,
what's wrong?
- [Alyson] She wanted
to take him away from me
and it was terrible-
- She?
Who are you talking about?
What's happening?
- [Alyson] I could
feel her eyes on me.
- Are you both okay?
- [Alyson] I woke
up, I couldn't move.
- You and Seth, are you okay?
- Yes, Seth is fine, he's
here with me. (cries)
It felt so real, Richard.
She wanted to hurt us.
- [Richard] Who?
- I don't know who,
she said she wanted
to take him away from me, that
she would have shut him up.
- [Richard] Alyson, now
you need to calm down.
It was a hallucination,
one of your nighttime
hallucinations.
- No, this time
it was different.
It wasn't like the others.
- Take a deep breath
and calm down, please.
- [Alyson] I'm sorry, I
shouldn't have called you.
- No, you did the right thing.
- [Alyson] Richard?
- What?
- [Alyson] When are
you coming back?
- I'll be back soon.
Now you need to try to relax.
Are you taking your medication?
Alyson?
- I'm listening.
- [Richard] Are you
taking your medication?
- No, I-
- [Richard] Take it
and go back to bed.
Take Seth with you if
it makes you better,
but you need to get
some rest, okay?
- Okay.
Richard?
- [Richard] What?
- Come back soon.
- [Richard] Okay.
- Good night, Richard.
- [Richard] Good night.
(slow ominous music continues)
(ceiling creaks)
(slow ominous music)
(door creaks)
(slow ominous music continues)
(Alyson gasps)
(slow ominous music)
(birds chirping)
- [Anthony] No
peeking, I can see you.
- One, two, three, four, five-
- Come on, let's run and hide.
- [Susan] Six, seven, eight.
- [Anthony] Behind that tree.
- [Susan] Nine, 10, 11, 12,
13, 14, 15-
- [Anthony] What
are you drawing?
Let me see.
Okay, so this is me
and these are stairs,
but, but who's
this, is this Mommy?
Why did you draw this?
- That's not Mommy.
- [Anthony] Susan,
Susan, is that you?
(slow ominous music continues)
Susan?
Jesus, Susan, you
scared the life out of-
- As I've told you, we need to
verify the type of disorder,
whether it's psychological
or paranormal.
I'm often called for cases
where a person is suffering
from some sort of
dissociative disorder,
psychosis, schizophrenia,
or the person is bipolar.
In cases like these,
I can do very little.
Have you been to see a doctor?
- [Anthony] She started
therapy about a month ago
and she's taking
psychiatric medication.
- And have there been
any improvements?
- [Anthony] No,
the situation seems
to be getting worse and worse.
Father Elbert, I need your help.
(slow piano music)
Stop it now.
Susan, please, stop it, Susan.
(slow ominous music)
(ghostly voice whispers)
(ghostly screaming)
(doorbell rings)
- [Father Elbert] Yes?
- Um, I got your address from
the parish priest in town.
- How can I help?
- My name is Alyson.
About 25 years ago, a man
came to ask you for help.
He wanted to save his wife.
That man was my father,
his name was Anthony.
- I'm sorry, I don't
remember that name.
- You have to remember
it, you were in my home,
you met my parents.
- I don't remember
anything of the sort.
- I need to know.
- Many years have passed.
You're confusing me
for someone else.
- Can you please tell
me what happened?
- There's nothing to
tell, nothing to remember.
Please don't waste
any more of my time.
It would be better
for you to leave now.
I can't help you.
(door slams)
- Father Elbert, I need to know.
I live in the same house
with my husband and my son.
I, I don't feel safe there.
Please.
(Alyson sighs)
(birds chirping)
(Seth coos)
(footsteps pattering)
(slow ominous music)
(doorbell rings)
- Good morning, Alyson.
- Would you like a cup of tea?
(bones cracking)
Would you like a cup of tea?
- No, thank you.
I expect you're wondering
why I changed my mind.
You have the same expression
as your father had
when I met him.
- In the attic the other night,
I found a videotape from
my father's video camera.
There were images of
him, my mother, me,
and you, too.
- Me?
- Yeah.
I guess you didn't
know about that.
Why did my father come to you?
- I believe you know
the answer to that.
Reality is, you're
afraid of the truth.
- My father-
- Your father loved you.
A love for a child can often
bring about painful choices.
Your father thought that by
keeping you away from here,
putting you up for
adoption, you'd be safe.
- Safe from what?
They always told me my mother
died of cancer, is that true?
What happened to her?
- Anthony came to me
to ask for my help.
He was convinced that there was
an entity harboring in his wife.
He was right.
(slow dramatic music)
(Susan pants)
(slow dramatic music continues)
You who represent
the salvation of man,
listen to the voices of your
apostles, Peter and Paul,
and of all the saints,
who by your grace,
gained victory over evil.
Free your servant from
this diabolical oppression
and keep her unharmed,
that she may return
to the serenity of being
your faithful child,
to love you wholeheartedly,
to serve you by doing good-
- Lies, lies, lies!
- And to honor you
and bring you glory,
her whole life being a
song of praise to you.
(slow dramatic music continues)
Evil being, tell me your name.
(Mary speaking in
foreign language)
I order you, evil one,
seducer of mankind,
recognize the spirit
of truth and grace,
the spirit that
rejects your deceptions
and unmasks your lies.
Abandon this creature Susan.
Through the anointing
of his spirit,
God has made you
his holy temple.
(Mary screams)
(slow ominous music)
(bones cracking)
I order you to recognize
the invincible power
of Jesus Christ almighty.
Remove this creature,
abandon Susan's body,
whom the savior, having
been born amongst us,
made her a sister,
died upon the cross,
redeemed her with his blood.
Tell me who you are.
- I am the she who
dwells in here.
- Tell me your name and
leave this creature of God.
(Mary speaking in
foreign language)
Christ orders you from
the height of his power
to abandon his child,
what is you name?
(Mary speaking in
foreign language)
- I am the bride that was killed
at the hands of this bloodline.
(slow ominous music continues)
- I was unable to help her.
In the following weeks,
that evil being came
back to torment him.
He was terrorized.
(slow ominous music)
(slow piano music)
(door creaks)
(ominous orchestral music)
- Who's this being?
- Her name was Mary.
She was your
grandfather's first wife.
- When I'm paralyzed
in my sleep,
they always told me they
were hallucinations.
- [Father Elbert] I'm
afraid they aren't.
- What does she
want from my family?
- The woman disappeared
shortly after the wedding.
The local authorities
could find no trace of her.
Your grandfather remarried
and they had two children,
Susan, your mother, and Eve.
Only Susan survived.
- Good night, darling.
- Mommy, who are you talking to?
(slow ominous music)
(door slams)
(child screams)
(bones cracking)
(ghostly voices whispering)
(slow dramatic music)
(ghostly whispering)
(child screams)
- This evil is present
in our world, Alyson.
Have you sensed any
presences in this house
since you moved in?
How did you feel
these presences?
- I-
- [Father Elbert] Have you
noticed anything strange
in the last few days?
Objects moving, noises?
(slow ominous music)
Alyson, Alyson?
Are you listening to me, Alyson?
(Alyson gasps)
(slow dramatic music)
(Alyson cries out)
What is it, what's there?
- She's here.
I want to get out of here.
- Alyson, listen to me.
It's not the house
that is damned.
It's the family, there's
a curse on all of you,
you, your husband and your son,
you're all in danger.
- What's going on here?
- Richard.
- My name is Father Elbert
and I came here to help you.
- I don't understand.
- We have a problem.
- Problem, what are
you talking about?
- What's been
happening to your wife,
they're not
hallucinations or dreams.
It's a soul in
search of revenge.
- Are you serious?
- Revenge on your family.
There is a chance that
the bride can find peace
if her remains are
recovered, blessed,
and buried in sacred ground.
- Okay, I've heard enough.
Thanks for your visit, but now
I have to ask you to leave.
- Richard, no, Father
Elbert, please.
- It's all right, it's fine.
I'll leave you two now.
- Richard, we need his help.
- Why would we be in danger?
Just because of your nightmares?
You've had them since
you were a girl.
- You weren't here,
you didn't see all the
things that happened.
We need him.
- A priest, you're an atheist.
- I know what I saw,
you have to believe me.
- Alyson, you need
to speak to somebody.
(Alyson scoffs)
- Father, I'm so sorry.
- Don't apologize,
sometimes it's difficult
to believe in that which
we don't understand.
- So finding the bride's
remains, could that help?
- Come to me tomorrow morning.
Bring the boy, don't
leave him here.
We will find a solution.
(car engine sputters)
(car engine stalls)
(slow ominous music)
(slow ominous music continues)
(car door slams)
(radio music blares)
(slow ominous music)
(car door slams)
Our Lord, our Father,
I ask and implore you
for a straight put to flight
and drive out all
these diabolical powers
and diabolical presences,
Satanic machinations,
every evil influence,
(car door handle rattles)
every curse and evil eye.
- Bride.
(slow dramatic music)
(Alyson trembles)
(Seth coos)
- Richard?
Father Elbert.
(slow ominous music)
(slow dramatic music)
(Alyson shrieks)
Richard!
(slow ominous music)
(door rattles)
Richard!
- The door won't open!
(Alyson shrieks)
(Alyson screams)
(slow ominous music continues)
(Mary roars)
Alyson, what happened?
- Seth. (cries)
(wind whistles)
(Alyson cries)
(camera lens clicks)
- Can you tell me
what time you realized
the baby was missing?
- It must have
been around three.
- And the room is exactly
how you found it, right?
- Exactly, we haven't
touched anything.
- Do you have any reason
to believe somebody could
have any problems with you?
- Problems, with us?
- Yes, have you
argued with anybody?
Do you have any enemies here?
- No, as I told you,
we've only just moved in.
- Usually these kinds of
kidnappings are followed
by ransom demands, so
always answer your phone.
Every incoming and ongoing
call will be recorded.
In the meantime,
we'll do everything we
can to find your child.
- There was a phenomenon
in the living room.
The door was closed and I
just couldn't get them open,
and I'm sure there was
no one on the other side.
- Hmm.
Can you show me the bedroom?
- [Alyson] Neither me or my
husband had mentioned a bedroom,
how did-
- How did I know?
- [Alyson] Yeah.
- [Richard] What's
in your pocket?
- Excuse me?
- [Richard] Your
pocket, I can see
you're playing with something.
- Yes.
It's like a marble, I
always carry it with me.
It was given to me by,
it was given to me
a long time ago.
- And what does it do?
- It changes color.
Now it's clear, see, that's
good, that's positive.
It means the situation
around us is stable.
There's no other presence here.
When it goes gray, that
means there is a presence,
but that's usually
a benevolent one.
Most spirits don't
mean us any harm.
And when it goes very
dark, that means, well.
- Well?
- Well, it means
we're in trouble.
Alyson, you felt these
presences first, is that right?
(slow orchestral music)
I want you to hold onto
the photograph of Seth
and I need you to
close your eyes.
And whatever you hear,
whatever you feel,
I need you to keep your
eyes closed, understand?
Good, now I want you
to visualize Seth,
really focus on your son.
And your thoughts will travel
through you as emotions.
Really try to see him
in your mind's eye.
That's very good,
Alyson, very good.
(slow ominous music)
(stroller creaks)
(slow ominous music continues)
I am truly sorry for
what happened to you,
but I have not come
here to negotiate.
This family wants
their son back,
the child you have
taken from them.
(slow ominous music)
(Mary scratching)
(slow dramatic music)
From what Father Elbert told you
and from what I have been
able to verify for myself,
I have reached a conclusion,
but I need to be very clear,
this is just an
opinion, it's a theory.
- We're here to listen to you.
- Okay.
When I first came into this
house, what I felt was anger,
so much anger.
(slow ominous music)
The spirit we are dealing
with wants revenge.
She wants back what
was taken from her.
She craves life, but
not just her own life,
the fetus in the cradle.
- What does it mean?
- The bride was pregnant.
When she was murdered, she
lost not just her own life,
but also that of
her unborn child.
The symbol on the wall tells me
that she has asked for help
from a very powerful and, uh,
a very evil force.
- What, what evil force?
- Asmodeus, Asmodeus is a demon.
He's a great king in
the hierarchy of the
infernal spirits.
He's the lord of
wrath and vengeance,
and I think that's who you've
been seeing in the house.
He has granted the
bride's spirit the power
to return from the
dead for revenge.
- And if we did what
Father Elbert suggested,
find the bride's
remains, bless them, and-
- Find the bride's
remains, bless them,
and then bury them again.
It's not going to
bring Seth back.
And on the contrary, it risks
closing forever the link
that is now open between our
world and the bride's world.
- So how do we bring Seth back?
- There is one thing
I think we can try,
but you are going
to have to trust me.
- I'm sorry, I should have
believed you from the start.
- It can't have been
easy for you to believe.
(slow piano music)
(Richard sighs)
- Forgive me.
Bring our son back, hmm?
- Listen carefully, Alyson.
You will meet many
souls on this journey,
and some of them will
be familiar to you,
others you will not recognize.
Pay close attention to every
single one of them, okay?
- [Alyson] Okay.
- Now, this device will
sound to start your journey.
It will also sound
to end the journey
and bring you back to us,
and it's really important
when that happens that
you have Seth with you.
So if you find him, don't
let him out of your sight.
You might need
this, hold onto it.
(slow music)
You ready for everything
that's going to happen?
- Yes.
- Okay, in that case,
you can close your eyes.
(static crackles)
I want you to tell me
about a happy memory.
- The birth of my child.
- [Dave] Where was he born,
who was with you, Alyson?
- At the Craig General Hospital.
Richard was there with me.
- [Dave] Okay, tell me more,
as much detail as you can.
- I entered the operating room.
My midwife was there with
me, laughing and joking.
Then two big pushes, and
he came to the world.
He was crying and they
placed him in my arms,
and I started
crying, too. (laughs)
I kissed him.
The moment I looked
into his eyes was the most
beautiful moment of my life.
Richard ran to me, tears
running down his face,
and he hugged me, thanking me
for the son I have given him.
- [Dave] That's excellent,
that's really good, Alyson.
Now keep that happy memory
with you as you start to relax.
Take a nice big deep breath in,
and relax, good, and in,
and relax.
And with each breath in,
the body's going to
relax more and more.
Be aware of how the sound
you can hear also helps
the body feel more relaxed.
Feel the fingers relax.
Body starting to feel
a little heavier now,
but it's a very
pleasant heaviness.
Abandon yourself to those
sensations you're feeling.
That's good, your
mind is active,
but the body is feeling
a little heavier.
And we breathe in,
and we sleep.
- [Alyson] Dave?
What's happening?
Nothing?
It didn't work?
Dave?
(flashlight clicks)
(Alyson trembles)
Richard!
Let me out of here!
Dave, help!
- And now?
- Shh, now she's on her
journey, we need to wait.
(Alyson knocks)
- [Alyson] Help!
(slow ominous music)
(Alyson pants)
(Mary scratching)
(slow ominous music continues)
(slow dramatic music)
(Alyson shrieks)
(slow ghostly whispering)
(slow TV music)
- And then she said to me
that she didn't want to go
with them and that she
wanted to stay with us.
So I whispered to her,
"I'm sorry, Alyson.
I don't think
that's a good idea."
And she replied, "Please,
Daddy, listen, please.
Don't send me away with them."
(audience laughs)
(Susan laughs)
So I turned around, I was about
to close the door, (sighs)
and she looked at me
with tears in her eyes
and said, "Bye bye,
Daddy, I love you."
(audience laughs)
I know, I'll call her up
on the phone right now
and say, "Bye bye, little
orphan girl, I love you."
(audience laughs)
(Susan laughs)
- No, that's not very nice,
you can't do that to her.
- Seriously, so I can't write,
"bye bye, little orphan
girl, I love you,"
on a piece of paper
and send it by fax?
- No.
(audience laughs)
(slow ominous music)
- [Susan] Wake up,
darling, wake up.
- Mom?
(slow piano music)
Mom.
- Don't worry,
everything's fine.
Everything's fine, honey.
Oh, you must have had
a really bad dream.
- I love you, Mom. (cries)
- I love you, too.
(slow piano music continues)
- But you're dead.
- Sooner or later,
everybody dies.
But that day is still far away.
I came to bring you
a hot water bottle.
You've wet the bed.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
- Don't worry, let
me change the sheets.
- All right.
- Don't worry, help
me change the sheets.
(slow ominous music)
(thunder crashes)
(Alyson gasps)
(slow ominous music continues)
(thunder rumbles)
- You seem nervous, Richard.
- Thanks for noticing.
- Everything's going as planned.
- How long before
she comes back?
- I don't know the
answer to that question.
- How long does it normally
take in cases like this?
- I don't exactly do this
kind of thing every day.
- How often have you
done something similar?
Christ. (scoffs)
- Richard, there's something
in my brown bad I think I need.
It's in the bedroom,
will you get it for me?
(thunder rumbles)
(slow ominous music)
(door creaks)
(slow ominous music continues)
(door rattles)
- Dave, Dave, you
need to let me out.
(door rattles)
Dave?
(water trickles)
(slow ominous music continues)
(slow dramatic music)
- [Woman] Good night, darling.
- [Child] Mommy, who
are you talking to?
(bones cracking)
(child screams)
(slow ominous music continues)
(Nelson sobs)
- Eve, (cries) my princess.
You didn't have to die. (cries)
My little princess.
It's all your fault!
(slow dramatic music)
It began with me, and
with me, it shall end.
Forgive me, Susan.
(gun fires)
(thunder rumbles)
(slow ominous music)
- Richard?
Richard?
(thunder rumbles)
(ominous orchestral music)
(Dave cries out)
Richard!
Richard, don't
look at the light!
Richard!
Richard, we've got
to get out of here.
(ominous orchestral
music continues)
(Dave trembles)
I'm protecting this
woman with sacred herbs.
No evil spirits may harm her.
I am protecting this
woman with sacred herbs.
No evil spirits may harm her.
(door rattles)
I am protecting this
woman with sacred herbs.
No evil spirits may harm her.
I am protecting this woman
with sacred herbs, no-
(ominous orchestral
music continues)
I'm protecting this
woman with sacred herbs.
No evil spirits may harm her.
I'm protecting this
woman with sacred herbs.
No evil spirits may harm her.
Come on, Alyson.
Come on.
(slow ominous music)
(slow dramatic music)
- Alyson, it's good
to see you again.
You've grown up to
be a beautiful woman.
I never should have
sent you away from me.
- I always hoped you would
have come and get me,
that I would have
seen you again.
- I made a terrible mistake.
I left my only joy in
the hands of others.
But now we can
make up for things.
(slow piano music)
We'll be together again,
me, you, your mother.
- No.
- Yes, we'll be a family again.
- I, I came to look for my son.
- I know, and I can't
wait to meet him.
- It's not possible,
Dad, we're not staying.
I'm taking him away from here.
- Losing your daughter
is a painful experience.
Losing her twice
is heartbreaking.
I was a terrible father
and an even worse husband,
but I can make up for that now.
Everybody deserves
a second chance.
- It can't happen, not anymore.
We weren't together
when we could have been.
We can't be together now.
Dad,
please.
Help me find Seth.
Please.
- When you were younger, you
always used to enjoy drawing.
Do you remember?
It was your way
of communicating.
I never understood any of
your drawings, how could I?
Perhaps one of them will
help you to find your son.
Alyson, go now, there
isn't much time left.
- Thank you, Dad.
(slow dramatic music)
(water drips)
(slow ambient music)
(slow dramatic music)
(Mary moans)
- You forced me
to make a choice.
- You're scaring me, why
are you doing this to me?
- You don't remember anything?
- No, I don't know what
you're talking about.
(slow ominous music)
(Nelson cries)
- I am so sorry.
- Nelson, darling,
look at me, it's me,
your love, your wife.
Let's go back home, I'm
begging you. (cries)
I'm pregnant!
(slow ominous music)
(gun cocks)
I will devour your soul and
the souls of the ones you love,
dead son of a bitch,
you'll never be free of me.
(slow ominous music continues)
(slow ghostly whispering)
In the darkness, I
will slaughter your
children like pigs.
(Mary speaking in
foreign language)
(Alyson cries)
(Seth wails)
(slow ominous music)
(Seth coos)
(slow dramatic music)
(Alyson trembles)
- [Mary And Nelson]
We won't let you go.
We won't let you go, Alyson.
We are a family now.
We are a family, we
won't let you go.
We won't let you go, Alyson.
- [Mary] We are a family now.
- [Dave] Relax and breathe.
(Alyson hyperventilates)
Relax and breathe.
(Alyson trembles)
(slow dramatic music)
- Oh, you're okay.
- My baby.
- Okay, and deep breaths.
- He was with me, he was-
- I know.
- He was here with me.
- Try to stay calm, that's
better, that's better.
- She took him away from me.
- I'm sorry, Alyson.
- Send me back.
- I can't.
- I have to go back.
- It's too dangerous.
- No, I, he, I have, I have
to go back and get him.
- Sending you once was risky,
I shouldn't have done it.
Sending you twice
could kill you.
- I don't care, you
have to send me-
- I care.
I care.
- You don't understand, he was,
he was with me, he
was here with me.
- Alyson.
You did everything you
could possibly have done.
(Seth cries)
Wait, Aly, Alyson, wait, it
might not be safe, Alyson!
(Seth cries)
(slow piano music)
- Richard?
- I have to thank you
once more for our baby.
(Alyson cries)
(slow piano music continues)
- [Dave] Richard.
- Dave.
I was wondering when you
would have come to see us.
- Well, I was in
the neighborhood.
I thought I'd pass by,
just in time, I see.
- Yeah, we're leaving
this afternoon.
The estate agent will take care
of all the other furniture.
- Good, where are you moving to?
- Oh, we found a small
place on the East Coast.
- Nice, how are they both?
- They couldn't be better.
Alyson is a completely
different person now,
much more serene.
- Excellent, are they home?
- Yes, they are.
Anyway, I, I never thanked you
for what you did for my family.
- Still can't get
used to being thanked.
I'm using being called
a charlatan. (laughs)
- I can imagine.
So I'll finish up here
and I'll see you inside.
- Yeah.
Alyson?
Hey, Seth.
Hey, hello, little
man, where's mommy?
You don't know?
(Seth coos)
Hey, you want to play?
You haven't got any toys.
Hey, where are your toys?
I've got something, hang on.
It's not exactly a toy, but.
(Seth coos)
- Hey, Dave.
- Hey, hi.
- [Alyson] When did you arrive?
- Just now, I did call
out, you didn't hear me?
- Oh, no, I was
upstairs, finishing
packing all our things.
- Right, I just
came to say goodbye.
- [Alyson] That's nice of you.
Is everything okay?
- Yeah, everything's fine.
Um, look, I have
to, I have to go.
- [Alyson] You seem worried.
- Worried? No.
Should I be?
- No.
Aren't you a bit old to
be playing with marbles?
- Oh, I think you're
much older than I am.
(slow ominous music)
- This is the last one. (sighs)
(slow ominous music continues)
(footsteps pattering)
(Seth cries)
(slow dramatic music)
(Richard trembles)
(Alyson grunts)
(slow dramatic music continues)
(ax rattles)
(glass shatters)
(dramatic choral music)
(slow piano music)
(slow orchestral music)